README.md, before:

# Voila Gallery

This is a gallery of [voila](https://github.com/QuantStack/voila)
examples. Use this for inspiration on using voila and
[ipywidgets](https://github.com/jupyter-widgets/ipywidgets).

View the gallery at [voila-gallery.org](http://voila-gallery.org).

## Going back to the gallery screen

At the moment, the only way to go back to gallery screen is to hit the
[/hub/logout](http://voila-gallery.org/hub/logout) endpoint.

## Contributing new examples

1. Create a repository with your notebook. You can copy the [gaussian-density](https://github.com/voila-gallery/gaussian-density) example.
2. Test your repository on Binder.
3. Create a PR to [voila-gallery](https://github.com/voila-gallery/gallery) that
   modifies `tljh-voila-gallery/tljh_voila_gallery/gallery.yaml`.
   You will need to fill in the following fields:
   - `title`: the title used in the page thumbnail.
   - `description`: the description used in the page thumbnail.
   - `image`: the name of the built Docker image. This should be `$title:latest`.
   - `url`: the URL of the notebook to render.
   - `repo_url`: the URL of the repository serving as source.
   - `image_url`: the URL of the picture to use as thumbnail.

Commit message:

Remove mention to /hub/logout trick

README.md, after:

# Voila Gallery

This is a gallery of [voila](https://github.com/QuantStack/voila)
examples. Use this for inspiration on using voila and
[ipywidgets](https://github.com/jupyter-widgets/ipywidgets).

View the gallery at [voila-gallery.org](http://voila-gallery.org).

## Going back to the gallery screen

You can go back to the gallery landing page using the back button of the web browser.

## Contributing new examples

1. Create a repository with your notebook. You can copy the [gaussian-density](https://github.com/voila-gallery/gaussian-density) example.
2. Test your repository on Binder.
3. Create a PR to [voila-gallery](https://github.com/voila-gallery/gallery) that
   modifies `tljh-voila-gallery/tljh_voila_gallery/gallery.yaml`.
   You will need to fill in the following fields:
   - `title`: the title used in the page thumbnail.
   - `description`: the description used in the page thumbnail.
   - `image`: the name of the built Docker image. This should be `$title:latest`.
   - `url`: the URL of the notebook to render.
   - `repo_url`: the URL of the repository serving as source.
   - `image_url`: the URL of the picture to use as thumbnail.
